Docs docker 2 - small polish tweak (#624)
GovReady/govready-q: docs/source/deploy_docker.md

| Nightly Build on Docker   | [https://hub.docker.com/r/govready/govready-q-nightly/](https://hub.docker.com/r/govready/govready-q-nightly/)  |

## Quickstart for GovReady-Q on Docker

Make sure you first [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) and, if appropriate, [grant non-root users access to run Docker containers](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user) (or else use `sudo` when invoking Docker below).

> Start and running container in the background (e.g. detached):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start and run container in the background (i.e. detached):
```

> 	# Run the docker container detached mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# Run the docker container in detached mode
```

	docker container run --name govready-q --detach -p 8000:8000 govready/govready-q

	# Create admin account and organization data
	docker container exec -it govready-q first_run

> 	# Stop, start container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# Stop, start container (when needed)
```

	docker container stop govready-q
	docker container start govready-q

	# View logs - useful if site does not appear
	docker container logs govready-q

	# To destroy the container and all user data entered into Q
	docker container rm -f govready-q

Visit your GovReady-Q site in your web browser at:

	http://localhost:8000/

### Quickstart Notes and Common Issues

Your GovReady-Q site may not load immediately while GovReady-Q initializes your database for the first time. Wait for the site to become available.

Because of HTTP Host header checking, you must use `localhost` to access the site or another hostname if configured using the `--address` option documented below.

If the site does not come up, check the container logs for an error message:
	
	docker container logs govready-q

> The GovReady-Q default SQLite database is only persisted within the container by default. The database will persist between `docker container stop`/`docker container start` commands, but when the container is removed from Docker (i.e. using `docker container rm`) the data will be destroyed. See the _Persistent database_ section below for connecting to a database outside of the container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GovReady-Q default SQLite database is ordinarily only active within the container lifetime. The database will persist between `docker container stop`/`docker container start` commands, but when the container is removed from Docker (i.e. using `docker container rm`) the data will be destroyed. See the _Persistent database_ section below for connecting to a database outside of the container for production data. 
```

Author: resolved
